Elementary students and Malcolm to section number three which is introduction to modelling and simulation.
The Section was intended to be section number two but some students may have good background on most
medical modelling for some systems.
I want to move directly to Samuel link so getting it started with some your link was moved to be section
number two.
If you're familiar with mathematical modelling you're welcome to skip the section and move to the fancied
section if you want to refresh your memory or if you don't have any background and mathematical modelling
for some systems then you can watch as a section before SECTION NUMBER TWO GETTING STARTED TO semi link
and also you have an option to watch as a section of after finishing getting a start assembling what
is the section structure actually in the section we are going to deal with.
Three main topics in the first lecture we're going to talk about plus transformation plus I will introduce
the concept of transfer function in the next lecture as we are going to do them as medical modelling
of some systems like mechanical electrical hydraulic you'll also get introduced to a process modelling
techniques using plug diagrams.
So let's get a started.